September 2021

Census Transform

1. From the definition, write the code to execute the transformation.
2. Hamming distance: # of times the pixel are not the same

Inverse Halftoning: Same as June 2020

June 2021

Image Fusion: Combining two images using a spatial filtering technique

1. Luminance
2. Convolution with a 7x7 ones-filter. Normalization.
3. Convolution with a custom edge-enhancer filter.
4. Superposition of convolved images by multiplying esch other.
5. 4-cluster image using k-means.

June 2020

Inverse halftoning: Obtain gray level images from binary one
- Dithering/ Error difusion binary images
- Application of low-pass filter either in the spatial or frequency domain

1. Gaussian filter: Application and display
  - Meshgrid correct sizes and values
  - FFTs
  - To what extent is the Gaussian filter useful in recovering the gray levels of a dithered image
    - Pretty nice, if we look at the graph it matches well. Depending on the sigma chosen.
2. Pearson R Coefficient: Numpy (?)
3. Extraction of edges: Prewitt's Filter

Degree of Polarization

1. Illumination independet DoP distribution: Use of For loops
2. Binary masks
3. Total variation filter using skimage
4. Display using colorbar, shrink the colorbar!

June 2019


Hash functions 

1. Luminance
2. Reshaping - using column dividers
3. Binarization - 2 for loops
4. Flattening array - np.ndarray.flatten()
5. Hamming distance - Elementwise comparison


June 2018

Colormap Jet

1. Meshgrid to obtain the image. 
2. Application of a cmap to an image using cm by matplotlib.pyplot
2. RGBalfa (the application of the cm gives a 4 channel array)

Chlamydomonas

1. Noise filtering using convolution. Custom matrix.
  - When colvoving, we usually use the 0 level image.
2. Noise filtering using Chambole method (skimage package witht the correct parameters, weight=0.3, eps=0.0002) 
3. Entropy with cmap rainbow and colorbar
  - Entropy is a measure of image information content, which is interpreted as the average uncertainty of information source.
  - Entropy calculation with the correct package
  - The better filtered image is the one that shows the details a lot more, it is more red in the important areas
4. Prewitt filter: Obtaining only edges
